How long will it take for him to end up with you?
It will take about half an hour.
If he knew you were coming to pick him up in person
Also bring some gifts
He will be very happy
Hey, who gave you so many gifts?
What about your assistant?
Why didn't he give it to you?
There is no way for fans to give such a heavy thing.
How did you take it alone?
Just take this
This is my gift to you.
See if you like it or not.
You are giving me a luxury car
My gift
It should be worth more than what your fans give away.
From this evening
But the value of the gift
It should be up to the convergent to have the final say
In my eyes, your luxury car is nothing
But fan letters are worthless